what
presspen is a digital derictory listing flatform who focuses in many local businesses.presspen caters a lot of variety of businesses types such as money transactions stores pharmacies banks and gasoline station and
it has other businesses list to offer including food industry ports like seaports and airports  post offices malls hardware hotel and hospital that people want to seek the information or details of a cretain industry.presspen is your guide in searching bussiness details suh a contact and address because presspen wants you to be informative and secure when going outside in any places.



why
presspen wants businesses to reach there potential customers or people where ever they are might be.
presspen wants to help many businesses by informing people that they are still in the market and continues to operate in todays market.
presspen fucuses to make business push thier product and services because this industries are still important and there are potential people or custumers out there that needs them and we want to address them.
presspen knows that your products and services are very important in the nmarket and we like to help you showcase it to your valuable custumers.
presspen believes that custumers is the key to make your business successful.and together we can make things happen.


how it started
today many industry who struggle on how to make thier business to be known or to get custumers.a lot of businesses hard to stand up in the market its because of they are only focuses in their businesses but they dont have any publicity such as advertising in many forms. A lot of them are strugling and not relying in any marketing practises.
without markting strategy businesses may lead to unsuccsess but theres a posibility of a success but in presspen, its better to have a plan because we believe that to strive in the market, marketing practises is the only key to make your business or product and services move and to make stand out in the market.
presspen wants to focus and get inside in the market and helps many businesses in the market by helping you as a business to reach your possible custumers to serve your product and services.


objective
presspen is here to guide people which places where ever they might go outside in their home.presspen want to be part of seeking information of customers and cunsumer to a certain business in the market such as helping people to reach potential businesses establishments that they might want to go or to find.
presspen wants to grow your start businesses or existing businesses that has in the market now or it exist for a while or long period of time.presspen wants to push your business product and services to the certain and potential customers that wants a service like your business to help your business grow.

mission
guiding people with our fast local business online flatform directory where ever places or local business establishment they migth want to go.
helping bvusiness to reach potential and certain customers


vission
presspen wants you to be be knowlegable in time of going outside
presspen wants business never get left behind.




